♪♪
Previously on
Andi Mack...
(giggling)
Can you even believe this?
I know. People still
buy albums?
No, I mean, our invention.
The no-breakup breakup.
It works.
I mean, look at us,
hanging out with no drama.
I know. It's fun.
Sean's got talent,
like, a gift.
He needs the right teacher.
And it sounds
like that's you.
Let's try a C.
(strums badly)
-You're not--
-Wait.
-Look--
-Hold on.
(playing badly)
-Wanna go shopping?
-What are we shopping for?
New wallet,
maybe register you
for some flatware.
Ah, there it is.
The truth.
We have to talk about
this wedding sooner or later.
I'm not registering.
Why do I even try?
Buffy says you feel
weird around me.
She told you that?
She had to explain why
I couldn't come
to the Color Factory
with her today.
We could go together.
Did you not get enough
awkwardness just now?
Good point.
What happened?
Andi: They are having
a blast without me.
Why aren't you there?
I can't be with Buffy
when she's with Walker.
And she'd rather be
with Walker than with me.
Bowie! Let's go!
Chill. There's like twenty
minutes of trailers.
And I don't want to miss them.
FYI, I'm in charge
of popcorn this time.
What do you mean
you're in charge?
That's my job.
He thinks he's
the Popcorn Kernel.
The official title
is Colonel Popcorn.
Well, you've been demoted.
You're now Napkin Getter.
What? Why?
You over-butter.
No, I don't.
Oh please,
you work that pump
like you're trying
to revive a dead man.
So we're just
gonna eat it plain?
No, we're gonna get chocolate
and we're gonna mix it in.
No, we're not.
Well, you know
the butter is free.
Well, you get what you
pay for, Colonel.
So, three small popcorns?
-Yeah.
Andi: Let's go.
♪ I'm standin'
on the edge ♪
♪ And everything I know-oh-oh
is blown away ♪
♪ Life is upside down ♪
♪ But any way it goes
I'll work it out ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Here we go ♪
-♪ One, two, three ♪
-♪ I'm ready for tomorrow ♪
♪ Tomorrow starts today ♪
♪ There ain't a map to follow ♪
♪ But I'm with you all the way
♪ I'm ready for tomorrow ♪
-♪ Tomorrow starts today ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ There ain't a map to follow ♪
-♪ But I'm with you
all the way ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ All the way ♪
-♪ So high ♪
-♪ Ain't no getting over us ♪
-♪ So low ♪
-♪ Ain't no getting under us ♪
♪ So wide... ♪
So, Buffy and Walker, huh?
I think they really
like each other.
Unfortunately.
He seem's like a nice guy.
He draws these hilarious
little cartoons of us
-that are just so--
-Can we please talk
about something else?
Sure.
Think geese are mad
the game is called
"Duck, Duck, Goose"
and not "Goose, Goose, Duck"?
I mean, it just
would've been nice
if Buffy had at least
given me a heads-up
that she was
bringing Walker today.
Cyrus: So we're not talking
about something else?
I just like to know who
I'm spending my day with,
that's all.
Guys! Canoes!
Buffy: How about it?
It'll be fun!
Sure. I'll try it.
Do we canoe?
Are we canoe people?
We are now.
Huh. Who canoe?
(giggling)
-Hello!
-Hi!
Cyrus, you should
sit in the front.
I'm not really a meet things
head on kind of guy.
I'm more of a wait
and see what happens
to the meet things head
on kind of guy.
I better go with him.
Yeah, you better.
Let's do it!
Whoo!
♪♪
Nice hat.
It's a crown.
Nice crown, Your Majesty.
What are you doing here?
Spending time
with my family.
Are you here by yourself?
It's so rare to see
one of you separated
from the herd.
My friends are in canoes.
Amber: Not a fan?
No. I'm not
opposed to canoeing.
But it takes two to canoe.
Ever realize if you
say a word over and over
and over again,
it starts to sound weird?
Canoe. Canoe. Canoe.
Canoe.
Now I understand
why nobody
wants to canoe
with you.
Ah! They wanted to!
But...
(all laughing)
I get it.
You're the third wheel.
No.
I'm the fifth.
Is it fun?
Is it better than
sitting here?
Oaring is boring.
You know what would
make this experience better?
If you keep
complaining about it.
Can we at least try
to hit the other canoes?
This isn't bumper boats.
It could be,
if we close the distance.
Come on, come on.
We have to build up
ramming speed.
Not that one!
We cannot hit that one!
How did that happen?
How did what happen?
Buffy:
Andi's in a canoe
with Amber.
Is that a bad thing?
No.
Well, is it a good thing?
See, Amber is this girl
who used to be mean to us,
and she's still
kind of mean,
but now she's like
our mean friend.
Well, I guess that's
an improvement.
Well, friend
is a strong word...
she's basically
our waitress
that we never
order hamburgers from.
Oh. Great. Now I know
exaclty how to feel
about seeing her
in a boat with Andi.
Who's that with Buffy?
It's a long story.
We paid for an hour.
(grunting)
You're doing great, Cyrus!
Look at us go!
It's just you going.
Huh?
I lost my paddle.
What?
It's back there.
(grunting)
Bowie:
I have another lesson
with that Shaun kid today.
Maybe I just don't
have what it takes
to be a good teacher.
Well, that's a pretty
dramatic thing to say
after one lesson.
You didn't hear him.
The Beatles song,
"While My Guitar Gently
Weeps" came to mind.
Not because he sounded
like the Beatles.
He didn't.
Maybe it's because he's nine?
What are you doing to my hair?
Shh. Go with it.
I think I was just
kidding myself
being a guitar teacher,
because of Jonah.
You know,
but that wasn't me,
that was him.
So what are you gonna do?
I was hoping you'd tell me.
Well, it's too early
to give up.
Give me a timetable.
When am I allowed to give up?
No.
Hey, who's the hair artist
here,
me or you?
Have you tried
everything with this kid?
Because I'm sure
you still have some tricks
in your guitar case.
It's so hard!
I just want to teach people
who don't need teaching!
Too bad, because you are
in it to Quinn it!
Out.
Okay, so you told Walker
you were with Jonah
and you couldn't
see him anymore?
And now Buffy,
your best friend,
is with him?
Not with with.
She's with him.
Yeah.
She broke girl code.
She broke girl code?
What exactly is the code?
You don't know
what girl code is?
I mean, I've heard of it.
But it never really mattered.
Until now.
Do you know the first
rule of girl code?
Don't talk about girl code.
No, that's stupid.
How would anybody
find out about it?
You don't go out
with someone
after they've been out
with your best friend.
But I was never
really with him --
You were and now she is,
and that is the number one
violation of girl code.
I knew something felt off.
Now you know what.
I mean, I thought
I was the problem.
She's the problem.
And this is official?
It's not just
your interpretation?
This is a code
that's been passed
down for generations.
Wow, this is so eye-opening.
Andi, I think we're sinking.
Yeah! We are!
We're totally in sync!
No! Like, we're sinking.
Look!
Oh, so that's what you
meant by "sinking."
Amber! Stop paddling!
I'm getting us to shore!
No, you're not.
Let's just abandon ship.
Abandon?
What does that mean?
Where do I go?
The water.
I can't go in the water!
We're in the water.
I don't want to die here!
You're wearing a life vest!
Oh, yeah.
And we're three feet
from shore.
(gasps)
No, don't!
Andi:
You don't stand in a canoe!
Amber:
Why didn't you tell me!
I thought you knew!
First rule of canoeing--
Don't go canoeing!
(both laughing)
♪ Time goes by ♪
♪ There's no going back
from here ♪
♪ Now there's no return ♪
I have such an appreciation
for the end of Titanic now.
"I'll never let go, Jack,
I'll never let go."
(giggling)
That may be the least
fun thing I've ever done.
Actually... I had fun.
Actually... Me too.
♪ Time goes by ♪
♪ There's no going
back from here ♪
Alright, we're gonna try
something different.
Stand up.
Now, get loose.
Shake out your arms.
Okay.
-You're playing this today.
-Okay.
An electric guitar.
Now you should
say "Rock on!"
Okay.
No, say it!
(unenthused)
Rock on.
Alright.
Alright, this is what
we're learning today.
(plays chord)
That's a power chord.
(strumming chord)
Looks like fun, right?
Rock on?
Yeah!
Now you're getting it!
Alright now,
put your fingers here.
Alright.
Now channel your inner
rock god and just...
Go for it! Just...
(play chords poorly)
(sighs)
I can't do it.
I'm so sorry, Shaun.
I want to be
your guitar teacher,
but I obviously
can't teach guitar.
It's not you, it's me.
You're a sweet kid,
but you don't have
to protect me.
No, it really is me.
I don't want to play guitar.
What?
My dad wants me
to play guitar.
But you don't want to?
Correct.
Yes!
Whoo!
Do you know what that is?
That is the sweet sound of me
believing in myself again.
Ha!
I thought I lost it,
but it's back!
That's cool, but you still
have to give me guitar lessons.
Dude, I can't do that.
You gotta tell
your dad the truth.
Dude, I can't do that.
If I could, I wouldn't be
sitting here with
a brand-new guitar
trying to learn how to play
"Smoke On The Water."
Which makes no sense.
Why would there be
smoke on the water?
Do they mean fog?
Well, here's an idea.
How about
we do it together?
And you'll tell him?
No, that's still your job.
Aww.
(knocking)
Mom! What are
you doing here?
I have come to take
you cake-tasting.
Ooh! Just for fun?
No, for the wedding.
You know
my feelings on this.
I don't want
to get sucked into
a decision-making vortex
for a super fancy party
that only you want.
I do know that.
I was only asking you
to be polite.
Andi!
CeCe! What's up?
Would you like to go
with me to taste cakes
for your mother's wedding?
Of course I would!
Who could say no to that?
The bride.
Well, it's her loss.
I will be right back.
I just need to put on
my cake pants.
Where are they?
Right next to my pie shorts.
(sighs)
♪ I say yes,
you say no ♪
♪ Just let me show
you some more ♪
♪ Paint me red,
toe to head ♪
♪ I like all
your weird designs ♪
♪ Black and blue,
and purple too ♪
♪ I don't care now
what you do ♪
♪ Cause it's your life
and it's your ride ♪
♪ And I know now
I'm a fan of you ♪
♪ I said hey, hey
I'm calling you ♪
♪ Red and green
and yellow too ♪
♪ Chocolate cream,
orange, navy blue ♪
♪ It's all good
what color are you? ♪
Oww.
My head.
My stomach.
We didn't pace ourselves.
(sighs)
You need to pace yourself.
Why didn't we pace ourselves?
At least we're finished.
And we found one.
Both:
That one.
Wait.
No. Not that one.
This one.
That one is too rich.
That one is too spongy.
It's fluffier!
It's not chocolate.
It automatically loses.
Well, we have to pick one.
-I did.
-So did I.
Well, we need to
make a decision.
This is why Bex
didn't want to do this.
This might be where
our relationship ends.
We've had a good run.
♪ I said hey, hey
I'm calling you ♪
♪ But it's all good
what color are you? ♪
-I'm telling you,
it's chocolate.
-No, it's-- it's fluffier!
-You're wrong.
This one's chocolate.
-After a heavy meal...
And it's going to be better.
-People want something light.
-Nobody wants that!
What is going on?
Did you guys
find a cake?
Both: Yes.
What am I looking at?
The final two candidates.
You were supposed to decide.
We couldn't.
It turns out tasting cake
is not a cakewalk.
Well, that's the job
you signed up for.
For Pete's sake,
I have butter cream
coursing through my veins!
We had your cake,
now you need to eat it too!
Saddle up and get ready
to bride! Woo-hoo!
Who are we?
It's the sugar talking.
Okay, I said I didn't
wanna decide,
so you said you'd decide,
but you couldn't,
so now you're
forcing me to decide.
Alright.
What is she doing?
I'm making a decision.
That one. That will be
my wedding cake.
-No, no, no.
You can't do that.
-It doesn't count.
You said I had to pick,
so I picked.
She is impossible.
I mean, we did this for her.
That was work what we did.
And she can't do us
the simple courtesy
of one forkful!
I mean, it's just
completely--
Her wedding,
her rules, right?
She picked yours!
Oh, did she? Huh.
I guess she did.
-(grumbles)
-Mm-hm.
Oh man, I hope
I picked this one!
Hey!
Shaun has something
he wants to tell you.
Shaun?
Bowie?
Victor.
All right. We're all here.
What's the news?
Shaun doesn't want
to play guitar.
Yes he does.
Yes I do!
No, I don't.
Why didn't you say something?
Because you wanted
me to play guitar.
Do you play?
Oh yeah!
Air guitar!
(imitates electric guitar)
(imitating English accent)
G'night, everybody!
So... no.
Why not?
When I was a kid
I wasn't cool enough
and now it's too late.
It's never too late!
-(sighs)
-Pft. Come on.
Try this one.
(strums chord)
I'm playing!
I'm teaching!
Rock on!
(strumming chords)
I promise you, this is the best
grilled cheese sandwich
you will ever have
in your life!
Extra napkins!
You are definitely
going to need some.
Should we text Andi?
I want to.
But do you think
she'd want to come?
Let's just bring her
next time.
Andi: Oh. Hey, guys!
Or this time.
Buffy: Hey!
We were just
about to text you.
Well, here I am.
Hey, Andi!
Hey, Walker!
What'd you get?
Here, have some!
-Oh, I--
-Hey, guys.
-Amber.
-Room for one more.
It's okay. We're going
the lobster roll truck.
Would you rather stay here?
No, we are getting
a french fry lobster roll!
Let's go!
-Okay, bye guys.
-Bye!
Huh.
I feel ditched.
But we didn't invite her
in the first place.
I know.
Next on
Andi Mack...
-Mom!
-Cookie!
Let me fix you
kids something.
I'll holler when
dinner's ready.
I love Cookie but...
It's like she has them
under some kinda spell.
-What is happening?
-They're lovies.
They're one of
Cookie's specialties.
You two are really
starting to scare me.
Mommy! We need help!
Cyrus! Wanna hang out?
-With you?
-And my friends.
Hey! You made it.
You should see your
face right now, bro.
-Do you know
what's in that bag?
-Yeah.
I'm gonna go.
I think you should too.